#LyX 1.5.3 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 276
\begin_document
\begin_header
\textclass hollywood
\language english
\inputencoding default
\font_roman default
\font_sans default
\font_typewriter default
\font_default_family default
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100
\font_tt_scale 100
\graphics default
\paperfontsize 12
\spacing single
\papersize default
\use_geometry true
\use_amsmath 0
\use_esint 0
\cite_engine basic
\use_bibtopic false
\paperorientation portrait
\leftmargin 1.5in
\topmargin 48bp
\rightmargin 0.75in
\bottommargin 30bp
\headheight 12bp
\headsep 24bp
\footskip 6bp
\secnumdepth 2
\tocdepth 2
\paragraph_separation indent
\defskip medskip
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle fancy
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\author "" 
\author "" 
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Title
Eruta
\end_layout

\begin_layout Author
Beoran
\end_layout

\begin_layout General
\begin_inset VSpace vfill
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout General

\newpage

\end_layout

\begin_layout FADE IN:

\end_layout

\begin_layout Scene
A small, waterfall.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Narrative
Uncountable eras have passed since the dawn of mankind.
 The face of the world changed, land was washed into the sea, and out of
 the oceans, new continents sprang up.
 Civilizations rose and fell, wars, diseases and disasters wiped out billions.
 Yet somehow, mankind overcame all difficulties time and again, only to
 fall, and rise up again in an seemingly eternal circle of creation and
 destruction.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Scene
A prosperous quasi medieval-looking town with white towers, seen from afar.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Narrative
For hundreds of years, peace has reigned over the land of Begi.
 However, inevitably, change must come.
 The wheel of time is starting to turn once more...
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout FADE OUT

\end_layout

\begin_layout FADE IN:

\end_layout

\begin_layout Description
Focus on Berne, in a field.
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
